rec: Remember parent NS set, to be able to fallback to it if needed (#11308)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/appendices/internals.rst

Note that PowerDNS deviates from RFC 2181 (section 5.4.1) in this
respect.

Starting with version 4.7.0, there is a mechanism to save the
parent NS set if it contains *more* names than the child NS set.

> This allows fallback to the saved parent NS set on resolution errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows falling back to the saved parent NS set on resolution errors
```
fallback would be a noun, and I don't think this wants a noun.
